# PassioSDK React Native Bridge Challenge

The objective is to build a very simple logo recognition React Native app using Passio's logo SDK. 

Couple files were created and modified during the challenge.

Files Created and Modified:
* App.js
* Camera.js
* PassioController.swift
* PassioController.m
* PassioRN-Bridging-Header.h

# TODO:
* BUG FIXES: When the detection method is triggered, the camera view is frozen.
* NOTE: Everything is still working even though the Camera view is frozen. This mean that the detection is still working if the user were to hover it over a logo. The label will also update
* UI Update: I want to be able to click a back arrow or a cancel button to go back to the previous page or pause the scanning process
* UI Update: A better UI in general would also be better in order to display the full capability of this App

# How to install and run the React Native App

1. Clone the following repository
2. Perform `npm install --save` in the terminal with the path of the repository. This is to install the required library for the project
3. Perform `cd ios` in the terminal to navigate to the ios file
4. Perform `pod install` in the terminal in order to install the the Cocopod files for iOS
5. Once everything is installed, open the PassioRN.xcworkspace
6. Select the PassioRN xcode project and make sure all the app signing is correct
7. Once completed, plug in an iOS device and select to run the project on that device.
8. Make sure that the hosting device and the iOS device is connected with the same WiFi point
9. Once the app is launched, click a button in the center with the label "Test SDK"
10. Once the screen is changed to the camera view, simply hover it over a logo and the label will change from "No Logo Found" to it detect value

# Documentation on the Code

## App.js

The App.js file was simply modified to connect with the NativeModule in order to configure PassioSDK with a given KEY. A simple UI was also implemented into this file to let user navigate to the scanning screen.

## Camera.js

The Camera.js file is a component that was created to connect with th NativeModule in order to start the detection process and listen the logoName value that is given by customDetectionResult method in Swift. In this file, a library called react-native-camera was used in order to display the camera for the scanning process. The component contain a label that will display the logoName that is being listened to by the logoListener event that is passed back by iOS.

## PassioController.swift

This file is the main swift file that is used to execute the minimum required APIS for scanning and detecting a logo. There are two functions that is being exposed to Javascript and that is ConfigureSDK(key:NSString) and startDetection(). Apart from these methods, an event is also being exposed to Javascript via the RCTEventEmitter package, this event is known as the logoListener event 

## PassioController.m

This file is used to export the modules, methods and events to Javascript.

## PassioRN-Bridging-Header.h

This header file is generated by Xcode as a required header file in order to bridge Objective-C package with Swift package
